it's more than covered by the
hierarchy I give you another example
is there we will understand that there is a
compromise system that is who is
formally engaged in
armed forces and the public forces he
must talk about it must be the gendarmes
the police the military
they stop veiling their face and who
understand in what they come in and
I need them
choose their camp you heard
talk about the turquoise dation operation
well it's this poliseno pack which country and
under what conditions were we then
turquoise it will agree 94 years
after the massacres between the Hutus and
the Tutsis but where so there was there
UN forces with units
paratroopers who came to protect
the refugees
everything is fine on the occasion of this
large turquoise operation
you have to know that in the camps of
refugees there were collective tents
who were standing up climb is by
example at 10 am every
women girls pretty much drinking
pardon for this term refugees were
piled up was therefore made available
in these collective tents and it was
rape time and I speak for them
paratroopers the blue helmets of
the French army ok everyone
was going everyone because that's
organized by the officers and that you
are a little nigger a little corporal
as well as one for a chef or even a
sergeant you will not go against the
officers that there is the mass effect
This galvanizing wayne where it is
some real ones were part of the team and
it's even worse when you're in a
special unit I went into a
special unit after the gendarmerie where
you have is how to say this elitism you
see who comes to trap the most
conceited and then make them participate
at the worst things are who finds nothing to
find it because it is there again
where the human peaches the most is its
vanity and the feeling of belonging to
an elite they know how to play with that
who manipulate us they know how to play
with
with this vanity it would have been stolen
in the crates of quests where we have
right to do things that others
do not have no right to do that is
also like that Freemasons
evolved ok is to put oneself above
everyone laughs at us it is the elite
the others are idiots and so this
compromise system so it's
in the gendarmerie the at the paras
in the army under conditions
unsustainable since we are talking about camps
of refugees no no I mean the
the height of human misery
it was supposed to intervene for the tgv
to help them and there is a omerta that
is overwhelming
because above it there is a whole
chain of command and the poor
little holes that will open his
mouth he will not make a fold or finish
in asylum psychiatric asylum
psychiatric
so here I come back on my case to
me a few days